# High-Quality Quotes on Optimization And Iterative Improvement

*Generated at 2025-05-12 23:12:18*

## Quote 1

> Brought it to your table. But that's reactive and what we want to do now. we're human beings so some things will be reactive. So like if a fire happens you're reacting to the fire but if you don't react to the fire what happens it's a big problem right so sometimes you have to be reactive but we want to plan for and create the ideal environment and system and routine that first of all prevents fires as much as possible. Second of all ensures the fastest recovery when you get derailed because the fire came and you had to deal with something that took a lot of time took a lot of energy took a lot of resources with the team whatever that type of thing. So understanding and segmenting your day and your week based off of types of tasks based off of priorities knowing that everything does have to get done and then also based off of your rhythm. So certain types of tasks are better done at certain times a day. Now there's a kind of a standard circadian rhythm to that. It doesn't apply to everybody. So for instance, statistically most people do better at higher cognitive function tasks like math earlier in the day. And anything passed like lunchtime one o'clock to a clock, that would be better for like task work, grunt work, where you're not having to be strategic, not having to calculate, you know what I mean? So those types of tasks. So what would be a really good exercise, which is not going to be a one and done kind of thing. Everything you do is going to be iterative. I'm just going to keep repeating that and improvement. But is really looking at what what are your types of tasks? What is the mental load of them? What is the you know social load of it? Because obviously if you're in a place where you just want to deal with people less at times a day, right? There'll be sometimes we want to deal with people face to face less or on the phone less or whatever. You want to be able to kind of plan those times for that time of the day. But what should be fluid is knowing that because we're human different things will happen. Those moods will up and flow. They won't always be at the same time every day. So knowing and just kind of checking in with yourself, okay, like my brain's on fire right now. What's the highest level thing I can do with this? Like everything's calculating. I got a savant thing like beautiful mind going on right now. Where can I apply that? That's going to be the best thing to do, right? And that's planning, strategy, it may be trying to figure out a problem for a client that needs to be solved. That's really a good planning strategy leading type thing. And then when you're in a mood where you're just like, I don't want to deal with anything, I can just panel paperwork, but that's about it. So you want to kind of plan a schedule throughout the day that is your norm, right? And when you recognize like you're just not at the ideal place for this thing, rather than grinding, you want to go through your types of tasks and look at it and go, you know what, I'm better suited for this type of thing. Now, sometimes that's not going to work. You may have like a few bad days altogether. We won't necessarily call them bad days, but the energy shift is different. What you can do is different, it may have nothing to do with you. may be the cases that have come through. It could be people, know, whatever the whole... No crazy retrograde thing like sometimes people just lose their mind collectively at the same time, you know, and like you got to you got to deal with that whatever is causing it there's definitely a vibe shift that tends to be like around so if you also take that kind of stuff into account and just look at it so what are the types of things so what I would love to do is kind of create a list together and maybe we create it as a spreadsheet and I'll start it and then we'll just like screen share and look at it and talk a little bit about requirements from you like what does it take out of you can you like knock it out no time no matter what the awesome at it can some of these be a little bit taxing you know when you're having to make calls our distributions taxing any of that type of stuff. So let's kind of categorize the activities that you have to do and then Bob. part of what we think you spend time on, you don't have to do the time tracking. It's always been, every time I've had somebody be willing to do it, revelatory for them. In that generally, they spend more time doing a thing than they think that they do. And that tends to be helpful because then we figure out, oh, that's the thing that we could improve the process on. We could get more training on or delegate to somebody who's a rock star at that type of thing. So, again, it's never about micromanaging. It's about getting information. So, how do you feel about going through and just kind of talking about the tasks that you have throughout the week, of ranking them in terms of value to the business, ranking them in terms of how much it has to be. Patrick, that does it versus somebody else on the team. And then kind of putting the, maybe the energy or the mental resources. that is higher priority. And we're talking super ambiguous now. So once we get the spreadsheets started and we start kind of putting things into containers, then it gets more specific, then it gets more clear, then the value starts to come out. But I'm talking about let's just create spreadsheet. Right now, screen share, do this together as an activity and see what we see.

**Source:** done_transcript_for_patrick_1__txt.json  
**Relevance Score:** 7.0

---

## Quote 2

> and make sure we need to do this and then that that's being done like perfectly and then the other side like the basic stuff starts to like get missed so it's like I don't know if it's something about you know being able to see it in order for them to not forget but it will help it will help a lot so one of the things that I think that whoa actually meeting myself um that we might do and again please frame this with your team and let them know that this is a work in progress that there is this is going to be probably really clunky in the beginning and maybe more of a pain than it seems like it's worth but if they will stick with it we will make a system that works well for everybody and it makes at least some improvement for everybody and from everybody's perspective if we're wrong about that you got a person that probably ought to go because really it should be something that everyone can get benefit from. The only reason that wouldn't be is one if they're just that negative or two, they don't contribute to developing the system. Meaning they've made suggestions, they've explained with some kind of articulate eloquence why something doesn't work, so we can figure out a workaround. But at the end of the day, things are falling through the cracks and not getting done the most efficiently possible. The goal is not perfection, the goal is progress, but progress doesn't continue to come without being intentional about it. You can't just show up and be like, hey, you know, I'm going to do what I do. Progress comes from strategically planning how to improve doing what you do, right? So that's what this is about. So to that point, Patrick, one of the. things that theoretically, because I've not used Slack like this, I have used lots of other project management suites. But I don't want to create a new application that you guys have to log into. So I love the Slack idea, Lauren, by the way, good job. And I love you, Brad, chat to me too. I was like, I just know you got to do that. I'm such a nerdy girl. literally be talking to chat to you in the middle like, okay, how do you write this? How do you figure out this? I had an hour session with my 14 year old daughter trying to plan her career because she's like, what's a good place that they have lots of pets, but not a lot of vets, because she wants to be vet. So we talked to chat TBT and it's like Aurora, Colorado, and then we were off to the races for like an hour. Anyway, hang on, Lauren, real quick. So, Patrick, what we should be able to get is notice a pattern like, like you just said, right? If we start doing this, then this dips off. We start doing this and this dips off. What you'll probably find is that just paying attention to things, so just thinking about how different operations have been for you guys just because you thought about it differently. We had conversations, it stuck in your head, it popped into your head throughout the week, you're like, oh, you know what? I'm going to go do this. That's what will happen with your team too. They're like, there's just something changes as soon as you create awareness. So there's the level of awareness of just, oh yeah, like that's a lot of stuff that has to happen in the case, and it has to happen with every case. And there's kind of like a timeline that has to happen, and then when you add in the fact that you're looking at your cases and Lorenz you're like, or either one of you like, hey, it's been three weeks, nobody's checked in to see and make sure, you know, client didn't die. Everything's okay. We've still got a number. that works. All, you know what I mean? Like, once a week, at least are hearing from us, Hey, we're just checking on you, letting you know where we're at. You know, nothing has really changed, but wanted you to know we're here, we're working for you. That kind of thing. You're doing that. Your whole team needs to do that. So the more visuals we have here, right, the more structure that they're looking at, if they can see the tasks and slack, if they can see the outline of these or all the things that have to happen, instead of trying to keep it in their head every day going, wait, what do we need to do? Like, did somebody leave me the correct notes about what I need to do next? Do I already know what I need to do next instead of sitting there for two or three minutes ago? Oh, yeah. The next thing is, out of those two or three minutes over a week, over each person, over a month, over a year, we're talking tens of hours at the very least that we're saving doing this. And that's on your best day. Sometimes people going to show up with a migraine, you got women sometimes are going be cramping. Sometimes and somebody's gonna be hurting, depressed, whatever, all kinds of things, right? The mental lag time multiplies at times like that. So this mitigates some of just the humanness and the weakness that we have. And but also really helps everyone to see how is the whole case flow doing, even if I'm not the one doing it. And again, if somebody's like all of a sudden, I'm gonna be out for two months. Well, what has Mike been handling? What's been Mike been on top of? like, look at all those mics. I got to give that to somebody else. Holy crap, know, like Lauren's you're going through this stuff right now. So it's a process, you get some insight with the insight comes some improvement. And also with the insight comes more burden to an extent because now you have a new awareness that, oh, we're actually to not doing so great on this. But overall, it creates lifts, it creates traction. And as you've seen, Patrick, now with chat GBT, you'll notice one of the things that we improve a lot is just the mental effort. We're reducing the mental load and leveraging the mental effort. Chat GBT, if we can use Slack, so you're not having to manually remind everybody, chat GBT, helping us strategically plan it. It's not real AI. It's just logic. If this, then not. It's got a database of questions to ask, but for the most part, the output is equivalent to the input. So if we ask it really good questions and logic, it's not going to come up with anything we couldn't have done ourselves most of the time, but it will get there much faster so that we can process the next question, the next step, and so on. And so, anyway. But At the end of it comes, your cases get done faster. More reliably, we should be seeing better incentive pay. also within, so timeline, roughly 90 days. It's going to be a pain in the butt for roughly 90 days. The first 90 days are lots of growing pains. It takes about 90 days to work out and create the first iteration of a sick, the first successful iteration of a project management system with a small team. I'd say 45 to 90 days. Okay, so bear that in mind. Think about whatever is important to your team, especially that this is going to help us a lot when somebody's not available or the team changes or you're just having a rough day and we can't keep track of everything. thing. The goal of this is not micromanagement. The goal of this is not to create more work. So ask them to have a little faith and try to be part of the team making the process better. Okay.

**Source:** transcript_for_lorenz_patrick_9__txt.json  
**Relevance Score:** 6.5

---

## Quote 3

> Okay, and then the other thing is what I would like you to do, especially so that they feel that this is opening the lines of communication and kind of reinforcing that the fact that this is a safe space is, is there anything, when you, at the end of it, ask them, okay, is there anything that I can do better for you? Do you feel like there's a system or process that needs some improvement? Do you have recommendations about how we can better operate? So it starts with the wins, what they're doing good, a little bit of a coaching session on anything that can be improved, and then we shift the focus off of them, and what can you what can I improve? And then we take it back to the processes. now we're ending on it. It's not a personal note, and then you can just end completely on. Again, you've done an amazing job at these things. Good job, looking forward, you know, to the next one, keep up the good work, that kind of thing so that you can kind of purposely direct the energy almost like conduct, like a music conductor. Right? You purposely starting in a specific spot and ending on a specific note so that it has the the best positive income and doesn't have like any kind of negative impact on the day. Even if there's a coaching session, you kind of take the heat off with making, putting some attention on you and just the business in general. Yeah. Okay. So you have your weekly standup meetings. What is the format of those or what you didn't call them standup, but you We can team meetings. What is the format of that?

**Source:** done_transcript_for_patrick_txt.json  
**Relevance Score:** 6.0

---

## Quote 4

> All right, so help me help you, right? Jerry Maguire, then. Tell me the money. Tell me the money. So, look, and we're at the beginning of this, and I need you to just take a deep breath and be like, I am on the path of growth, and I'm willing to do the work. Now, if you see that you could hustle your way to something different, if you could see where you can make some improvements, what, so other than what we've already talked about, I want you to do that. want you to get your team on board with time tracking for two weeks, incentivize them, however you can, but you can be vulnerable to and say, like, this is the worst month I've ever had since I've been here. If I'm out, you're out. And this is not your fault. So, I'm trying to figure out how do I make everybody be as great as possible. possible so that we not only just have jobs but we have jobs we'd like that we want to stay with working with people we like um that's your job that's what you need to do you need to lead them you need to make them trust you because you are trustworthy anyway and you are safe and do that and then I need you to start digging into your processes I need you to track your time Lorenz that would be very helpful to me um I may need to ask Mark about that and say hey can you help me look at this you'll be safe with him just just your time and but I'm asking you at a time if you're okay with that um if you track your time for two weeks and say hey what do you notice about this could you make it better he likes you he knows that you are reliable he you you are wanted you are wanted so he wants you to be good you want to be good the business needs to be good. You'll get paid more if you do better. I need you to trust that you're safe with him as very as with you because you are.

**Source:** done_transcript_for_lorenz_patrick_6__txt.json  
**Relevance Score:** 6.0

---

## Quote 5

> And so we did. And so now we've got some data and the more that we dig into it. Um, so we'll go get some information and all of a sudden, you know, nothing's really happening and then Mark sends an email because he can't sleep a night because he was thinking about something and he had an epiphany and he dug into some numbers and he's like, I just realized this. And then we have a big change and there's a big improvement and so really digging into all of these different numbers makes a difference. But something that I really love about numbers is it kind of takes the emotions out of it and in a good way. Um, because you see what's real numbers don't lie. Numbers tell you the truth. So if you see some good numbers, what do you know? You know that that's, that's a real thing. That's a good thing. If you see a number you don't like, it's also a real thing, but that's an opportunity to improve. And iteration upon iteration changes happen and occur. So, that's what we're looking at. So one thing I'm really excited about though by talking to you guys as I'm realizing how we can improve our reporting which is going to be really useful for us and what we're doing with Mark which will somehow come back and improve things for you including potentially improve because I don't know that we have the best incentive program that there is I want to make sure that you guys are incentivized for all the good work that you do including if we're minimizing dropouts and subouts I think that that should be part of it. Especially if the reason that we're getting subbed out is lack of communication and so this was something that really isn't managed super well I think across any team. I think it's getting better but we would have some cases where nobody been communicated with for two and a half months which is not acceptable and until I I was asking questions and probing and digging into that. That was just like that and it was unknown. So there's always opportunity to improve. And just by having the conversations, we figure out ways to, because you guys have a lot of watch, you have a lot of things to manage, you have a lot of people, a lot of processes, a lot of conversations that will fry the average person's brain every day. So dropping the ball is kind of part of the job, it's going to happen. we're trying to do is create the systems that minimize ball dropping. know what I mean? That also maximize making sure that we're spending the most time on the most important things, the highest leveraged impact type thing. And that we're making air pre-person on the team as potent as possible so that everybody's winning. So, um, okay, we've got about 15 minutes left and then Lorenz, um, before I forget, let's just go ahead and get out next week's schedule because next week will be just you and me.

**Source:** done_transcript_for_lorenz_patrick_1__txt.json  
**Relevance Score:** 5.5

---

## Quote 6

> And our soft skills, sometimes it can be learned and people can be empowered, which is respectful and erupting. And it doesn't always happen. But first of all, it starts with a frame of mind of just knowing, look, this, this is a thing that has to happen and that you're not being rude by coming somebody else, because the whole point of why they called is to get help with what they want. Occasionally, maybe you have somebody calling just because they want to complain and they're angry or they're lonely, I suppose that's possible too, because any type of dealing with the public, you're going to get some of that. But for the most part, the person called because they had a goal to accomplish. And if the intake person keeps that in mind, this person called me because they have a goal in mind. My job is to help them accomplish that goal and also to remind them because they're, they're going to be emotional and they're going to be distracting. did once they start talking about things that they had a goal in mind. Your goal is you got an accident and you want to get help for it. So the problem is the things that you're telling me right now are preventing me from helping you accomplish that goal. So if you don't mind, let me pause you there. I'm going to ask you this question and then oftentimes even belligerent people will be redirected. Now, if you ask them that multiple times, you can empower your people and say, look, sir, I've asked you three times for this. I really need this to be able to help you. If you're not ready to talk about that, I totally understand. How would you call us back when you want to discuss it or something like that? I don't know that you can do that, but my point is that there are things that can be trained and processes and you have to kind of weigh like what's it going to cost you? Obviously, there's a game to play and you can't be just getting rid of any difficult people. But I don't know, and I will listen to some of the calls, which I'm kind of dreading because that's probably going to be hours of time to really go and do that well. But to see what kind of skills they have, are people able to pause, professionally interrupt, redirect, refocus, because from what I've heard from Dan, that probably isn't happening really well. So anyway, just going through this, even if it's again 5%, 10% improvement, and maybe the improvement is not only on how long the calls take, but also reducing stress for your team. If this is a high burnout job, you know, if Sweet Law could be a place where you, people, your intake team is like, I don't want to go work anywhere else because I've been trained this. I've been. empowered to handle calls this particular way. I'm supported by getting a good intake script. We're not overly busy, like we're not just slammed with calls constantly and understaffed so that they can maximize money. Like all these different things that go into it and, you know, looking back a year from now, going, wow, you know, that's just a little bit of improvement, but I noticed it. And here's how it's reflected in the numbers. And here's how it's reflected on the team. And then we start the compounding effect of, you know, now Mia's been here six years and she's even better at this. And when we have to hire somebody new, we've got a better person to train and that type of thing. So it's like everything else. Like it's small, it seems like it's not going to make a big impact. And then you look back and you go, that was helpful. So in a very critical portion of the business. So anyway, I think you should go back and listen to some calls too if you have some downtime just maybe if you could sample a few calls from each person so that you've got something fresh in your head so that we can come back and discuss it would be good what do you think about that yeah no I need to and when do you have time for that time it's just it's one of those you need to make time we need time yeah what I'm asking is because I'd almost rather have a tooth pull and go do that maybe we just end up spending a call doing it together I don't know but um I want to be prepared when you start let's um maybe listen to it on the airplane traveling okay all right um so we'll try to discuss need to And our login report, something that you could share with me.

**Source:** done_transcript_for_basis_integration_sweet_law_3__txt.json  
**Relevance Score:** 5.5

---

## Quote 7

> That right there. Mark's score basically for a while, and then train somebody that scores according to your approval. That's the thing for, okay, so going back to the application conversation and just the pace of the technology and the evolution, the innovation that is available right now is leveraged, all of this is AI stuff is leveraged if it's used right, but all of it has to be something that you learn firsthand, everything has to be. For example, okay, so Dan, the foundation of basis really is numbers tell the whole story, so we need to be able to have the numbers. When it comes to online businesses, most of those numbers come through the website, so the analytics. So he's diving into GA4, which is Google Analytics 4, right? It's a whole new beast. We've been using Google Analytics. I've been using it since 2002, probably. I think it was out. Maybe it wasn't that old. Maybe a few years after that. Let's see, 2008, I was getting into split testing. So anyway, we'll say maybe like 2005, people were already starting to use Google Analytics. And now it's an entirely different kind of thing. It's this whole host of a suite, basically, of things that you used to have to get somewhere else. But Google owns all of it. And because it's so new, even the experts are still just kind of figuring out how to use it. So he has a massive leverage opportunity to be an innovator right now, which is a business owner who understands how to tap into Google Analytics. And so he's doing it. He's been studying it for weeks. From an expert who I know personally and I've met and he that's all he's been doing is this this whole time So he's been going growing with it But Dan can't delegate this to anybody right and If he could it would cost it wouldn't it wouldn't be worth it The only one he could delegate to would be another expert. So for you with the marketing with the with the AI but also The business the culture all of these things coalesce into Something very unique for you specifically and subsequently sweet law, which does have its own Unique identity and culture, but I'm just saying The things that interest you If it's innovative and leverage the more you spend time on that and getting real data Talking with Dan. I'm kind of helpful with these things Sometimes he spends more time in it. But anyway, um, there, there's a lot of opportunity to at least figure out how we can shave a little time here and there. So we've been talking about the path to growth is optimization and leverage. This is it. If you can improve the script through analysis data, right, with AI, if you can improve, and not just the intake script, but the attorney's want to script two for certain types of scenarios so that they can be handling things more consistently. So like Lorenz for Mike or the case managers, actually, basically everybody, certain scripts for certain scenarios, they feel like they could be trained better to handle specific types of people and scenarios. Because they know their job that people handling is not what their best at knowing the law and case handling is what their best at people handling is a necessary part of managing the case well so like we've been talking about call control scripts or just I brought up the phrase a few times but when I brought it up to runs sorry hold on and when he brought it up to his team they all want training I need to tell you this by the way it was the last last week conversation but so using AI to kind of help us find scripts if you are listening somehow to all the calls in sweet law and can identify who handles inside the team already the best types of people like if we were able to and that we're not here yet I don't think with the AI but something to keep in mind about like best case scenario best use cases would be okay who handles um specific death cases who handles any type of thing or any type of person and they could label it by the language that's used um and then say okay this person does a really great job of handling this type of person like Mike with distributions. So what Mike does that Lauren said that stand out is Mike doesn't take it personal and he kind of scapegoats the the law firm he's like my hands are tired I can't this is just the rule like I'm I'm not the one deciding that this is what we're gonna get paid this is policy but for whatever reason the way that he says it diffuses the situation and then he can get the full attorney fees more often than other people without people being odd and so that's a skill right but is there a teachable not not necessarily scripts but maybe a logic so is there a verbal cue of some but he says this, respond this way, and the result is this. This kind of analysis, which you'd have to listen to so many calls to be able to do that, but if we could get to the point where I think we can, probably in the next year or two, AI could do that really well, and you could identify, you read the book switch, right? Do you remember the phrasing, bright spots? Okay, so they are the anomalies where everything is bad and then all of sudden you've got something that's just amazing, and a lot of times it was something that already existed, so it was a resource that you already own. I'll give you the example and I'll throw this in for you Dan. So there was this guy, he had to go to some Asian culture, I don't remember where it was, where the children were malnourished, and he had about six weeks in a very minimal budget and had to overhaul it and improve their nutrition. And he was a college, something that was funded through college and so you know he had to succeed with all these limits but what they did is they calmed all the data and they found out that there was one location where the children were actually doing really really well and so they went down there and they observed their daily life and they noticed that the mothers when they were working in the rice fields that they would take the shrimp that they found in the water and added into the kid's rice and so they were getting protein and so the kids were healthier and that actually was available to everybody else in the culture but it wasn't a practice across that that area I don't even remember where it was I wish I did I read it like 10 years ago anyway so that resource was available to everybody but only one person was using it so they didn't need a new budget they just needed to tell people use what's in front of you put it in the rice give it to your kids they'll be better you may boom right so it already existed so my point is that if we can get better data, even more deeper data stuff that we've never even thought about really looking into, because it was a pain in the and Mark doesn't like pain in the is data. I just had this conversation with the other person like I don't want to do that. Anyway, um, friends go figure. Anyway, um, then we can figure out where are the bright spots in sweet loss. Like, is there something that Samantha does on calls that makes her even better? Um, I think that there's going to be more that we can figure out. And if we can figure out how to safely, ethically reliable, reliably get AI into, listen to these calls and give us some kind of info. That would be, we could really improve and up level all of your existing people. with feedback from what's already happening inside this route. I wore myself out talking too much. But anyway, hopefully that was useful. Dan, you're quiet. Are you in a rabbit hole?

**Source:** done_transcript_for_basis_integration_sweet_law_10__txt.json  
**Relevance Score:** 5.5

---

## Quote 8

> The Y, the how, the way you prioritize it, what logic you use to prioritize it. I want to understand everything I possibly can understand about it. Because the way my brain works, I should be able to help. And if I can't and we need to get It's what I need insight from market that we can, but the more information you give me, the less likely I'm going to ask or need to ask anything because Lorenz, this is what I do most is optimized. So that data is really important to me. So if you can do a good job of tracking it accurately, timestamps as often as possible, and then really explain it, I can just about guarantee you I can find something to improve you. But now I want to go back and just give you one more reminder that we had one conversation you thought differently about how to make leaders around you and you up to numbers immediately that very next month. So we are going through and we're looking for leverage and we're having way more than one conversation and I don't ever fail because when people will do the work and we get the data, there's always a very simple path to improvement even if it's small and then what happens is those small improvements start to compound. So there's really not anything to be afraid of because statistically I don't feel and the people I work with don't fail if they show up and they get the data and they do the work. It hasn't happened yet. Not saying it can't. I'm just saying that there's always a place to improve a little bit and that little bit of improvement having the compounding effect and now you're multiplying it times everybody else having a little bit of improvement and now your whole team is improving month after month, after year, like that's powerful. Those numbers start to become very obviously much better but what happens in addition to it and this is my favorite part is there's less stress while it's happening because now people understand the mechanics where they weren't even considering the mechanics before. They're like I still have to work and I do what I do. Instead of a stroke to work, I do what I do, but why do I do what I do and why do I do it this way and when they analyze it and then they optimize it, that's a whole new ball game. And so think about when you're driving and you're learning how to drive. There's a lot. And the first time that you get behind the wheel so imagine being a kid being like that's so easy. All you have to do is like press the gas and go room room and turn the wheel my kids every single time until they drive and then they drive it like oh my gosh it's so scary. Yeah, because you're having to make multiple calculations instantaneously on the fly they're so much going through your brain and you're having to evaluate every single thing. Is it my turn to go do I put a signal on do I break it my breaking too much. That guy's going is it my turn and like wait, wait, there's all these different things. Okay, and you're having to process them. And so in the beginning. you're having to make these calculations and they're new, so you're just asking yourself, what are the numbers that even going into the calculations? But eventually, you drive so much that they become reflexive. You automatically know, like, imagine what it was like when you were learning your times tables. At first, you have to sit there and like, it all down and figure it out and find some way to do it. And then you memorize it. And then you know, 4 times 4 is 16. 6 times 6 is 36. Like, you just know what they are. So you don't have to spend time on it, which means it's less stressful because it's reflexive now. Driving is no longer stressful because it's reflexive now. Math is not basic, right? There's a lot of things that become less stressful because they're reflexive because what you did was stop having to make the calculations. So But if you can create the system that removes the need to make the calculations and the calculations are needed because I'm stressed out and how do I figure out how to get through these things when the phone starts ringing all day? Well, I need to come in two hours early, but now I have to go take my two kids who are not even in school yet and get daycare. So I'm going to disrupt their time and it's going to be early and I'm going to spend extra money just so I can do the job that should be able to be contained in the work hours.

**Source:** done_transcript_for_lorenz_patrick_6__txt.json  
**Relevance Score:** 5.5

---

## Quote 9

> haven't never met Mary yet. Anyway, okay, so. Or is that okay so if it takes like I was saying from. my car took six weeks for them to get done in the body shop. If we're waiting three weeks for them just to even make that phone call and choose a shop, you know, three weeks there, then six weeks, like we can't wrap this case up. That's a big bottleneck. So we want to at least every week be trying to make sure, hey, did you remember to call that and get between drivability? They maybe hesitant to get that done, but you are held to metrics and stats, right? Sweet law doesn't get paid until the case gets closed. It is on you to get the case closed. So to me, there's no reason if something is in the hands of someone else, for you to not be nudging it ever week going, can we move this along? Obviously not with that tone. Like, hey, just want to do. Remind you can't remove this a lot. You know, that's what's really happening. Anyway, so this is what I would like you guys to be doing and you can deputize people on your team. You can use your resources, but at the end of the day, do not do not abdicate this. So it's your job to make sure it's getting done. If you want to assign somebody to check on it and make sure that everything is being touched, do that, but then you come in and you do an audit. So you you check, you know, maybe 20% of your cases and make sure that everything that you look at is falling under the expectations that you have set, which is nobody is not getting responded to within a month. So if you know they're in treatment, there is nothing else that can be accomplished other than them completing treatment. We're just checking them once a month just so that they know we haven't forgotten them. We want to make sure everything's okay. Anything else, if we're waiting for anybody to be doing anything, we're not doing it whether it's the clients or the insurance company or whatever to make sure that that's getting done no less than once a week. Which means like because Lorenz you had gotten to a thorough file review but it took you about three weeks to get through all of your files. What I'm telling you that is that if you this process alone and you should have enough understanding of the base off of the improvement that you got when you changed your file review process. If you go through everything at the bottom once a week, not necessarily quite as thoroughly as you have been doing right with all the team but just looking at it and making sure that the movement is happening, I pretty much guarantee you that your days to close is going to decrease. Significantly and fairly quickly meaning if we go look at it weeks like a month from now There should be a few days shaved off of Maybe it's not quite that fast. I don't know because you are still impacted by other people's timing outside of your team And you can only manage your team But for sure, there's going to be an improvement so that's what I would like you guys both to do and I just want to keep having these conversations as you come back and say What did you notice like what is the frequency? How many cases did you come across and I would love you to take a little note so that we can look at how it is now and Then maybe look at it 90 days from now and go Okay, I'm coming across a lot less that weren't actually getting touched and it seems like things are going faster I'd also be very interested to know and I would love for you guys to kind of note this too Does there seem to be any type of feeling change in your team? And in their experience with Pete as they turn into somebody who's not just, okay, I've got a case to close, but a person who now nudges, and nudges a gentle work, right? It's not a push and shove and coerce. It's a, you know, you think of nudging, nudging is kind of a close, intimate thing. Like I could shove somebody, I don't like, I don't have to get, like that contact is different. You nudge somebody, you don't, you don't nudge somebody you don't like, you like, or don't know, generally. You're nudging somebody you know a little bit, you're close to like, hey, just want to get you going where you got to go, right?

**Source:** done_transcript_for_lorenz_patrick_5__txt.json  
**Relevance Score:** 5.5

---

## Quote 10

> Okay, right. So that was what let's see scheduled and the week meeting with Jessica discuss her return and performance and transition for Karen to assist Jessica with case management. John's return, right? Those are things you're talking about preparer. Ideas for process improvements, automation. Okay. Yeah, we'll work for organizations next meeting. need to follow up with Mark. Mark, is terrible about getting things done on the timeline. Oh, where did it go? Opened up questioning it. Opened up a new email when I lost it. Way too new. There it is. I'm going it You You I know that he wasn't going to be able get that right away. forgot about like the crazy travel schedule he had. So I think that's done. I think he said somewhere around the end of the month. So we'll see what we can do about getting the workflow going. Automations. Sorry. With LITIFY, I'm sorry, team performance take notes issues. proud to discuss that. next meeting. That was something that I asked you guys to do throughout the week. That was the homework.

**Source:** transcript_for_lorenz_patrick_7__txt.json  
**Relevance Score:** 5.5

---

## Quote 11

> I hope that you can find some value in these things and grow in power, purpose and peace yourself. 💙 -end post- I’m Tina Marie, and I’m a business consultant that has helped several startups grow to million dollar businesses within a year, and others to multi-million dollar companies in under three years from their inception. To tell you how I got here, I’d have to go back a good 30+ years. I was entrepreneurial and geeky from the beginning. At 8, I was learning how to write programs in BASIC on a Radioshack TRS80 (think floppy disk and cassette tape drives... oh yeah!) Lemonade stands were a little too social for my taste, back in the day, so at ten, I was mowing lawns and babysitting. By 11 I had a paper route and made a good $65 a month. From that point on, if I wanted something, I was the one who made it happen. I worked in fields picking crops with migrant workers. I worked in school cafeterias and then hustled my way into a job at a Law office as a 16 year old runner for 5 local attorneys when I had decided I wanted to go into law. I managed to get a full ride to college and then quit.. Three times before quitting for good, when I realized I couldn’t stand the agendas and propoganda that came with the education. Instead, I found a way to get paid to learn, and started working in a call center that housed tech giants like Intel, Apple, Adobe and the likes. While I started as a technician, I rapidly moved up the ranks to account management during my 6 years there. I learned that I have a knack for improving any environment I worked in via optimization. My systems saved jobs and accounts before I even realized the power of what I had created. After the birth of daughters, I decided to figure out how to replace my full time income from home. While I went down the “SQUIRREL!!!” path that most entrepreneurs find themselves on, realized I could take my existing skills and find a home for them online. I’ve been growing companies as a secret weapon on the inside ever since... all while having the time to raise my girls, cook their meals, coach them in sports and do the things that matter most to me. And now... 16 years after starting online and 17 years after my first child, I’m sharing my systems with as many entrepreneurs as I can so that others can be as happy, fulfilled, and liberated as I am. Working smarter and not harder is not cliche... It’s an anthem to live by. Follow me, and I’ll show you :) 1. Math is Your Friend 2. Start with “Why?” 3. Mindset 3.1 You Actually Are Expert Enough 3.2 Being Broke Helps No One 3.3 Why You and Not Some Other Expert 4. Pricing and Packaging 4.1 10% Rule of Thumb 4.2 Lead With Value 4.3 Map a Value Ladder 4.4 Don’t Overthink It 4.5 Your Core Offer 4.6 Upsells 5. Example Scenarios 5.1 Scenario One –Lowballed 5.2 Scenario Two - Bump the Core Offer 5.3 Scenario Three - Bump in Price + Conversion 5.4 Scenario Four - Vip Pricing 5.5 Scenario Five - Double the Upsell Price 5.6 Scenario Six - Tripped Up 5.7 Scenarios Seven - Lower Upsell Price 5.8 Scenario Eight - Lower Core Offer Price 5.9 Scenarios Nine - More Please 5.10 Scenario Ten - High Roller 6. Bottom Line Table of Contents Math Is Your Friend. Chapter 1 Most entrepreneurs do not go into business because they love crunching numbers and balancing the books. It is impossible to tell someone you are not speaking to personally exactly how they should price and package their offers. This is my solution to that problem. I am going to give you ten customizable scenarios with different types of products and packages that you can plug into that should help you see what you can change to get more profits out of your business, with very little additional work other than creating the offers and writing them up. Most entrepreneurs get started because they are unsatisfied with the status quo in some way or another and find the only solution is to create their own paths. We venture out on it and learn as we go. And while there are tons of great programs that teach how to SELL or even WHAT to sell... There is very little spoken about how to package an offer and what prices to use to hit your goals. There is a reason for that... Start With “Why”? Chapter 2 Why is it so hard to charge the right price? If they cannot do it at all... obviously you have value. If you can do it FASTER or BETTER than they can... you have verifiable value. When YOU are your product, how you value yourself has EVERYTHING to do with this struggle. Here are some things you need to consider in your mind when you figure out your value to your clients: Could they do will do for them, or as well or as fast as you could? Mindset. Chapter 3 You Actually Are Expert Enough. Chapter 3: Part 1 Most unpaid experts don’t yet consider themselves expert enough to charge money. Easy deal, right? That food is going to cost him money and time, and you’re okay with that, right? Why? Because you gave him value and you both know it. Well... when you’re giving value to a complete stranger who you are only interacting with through websites, text, videos and other marketing materials... even socially on the interwebs... Trading BBQ for your genius skills isn’t really going to pan out. And the bottom line is: If you don’t charge properly you will end up broke. If you know more than the average person does, and you can help them do something they could not do as fast or as well as you can help them to do, then you are expert enough to charge money. Money is simply the currency used to exchange value Look, let’s say your neighbor wants you to come help him on the computer because he’s a technoob and well, you’re awesome. But, because he’s your friend and lives next door... he doesn’t offer money, he offers to send you over some of his killer BBQ when he grills this weekend. Being Broke Helps No One. Chapter 3: Part 2 You are not going to be around to help anyone because you’re broke and depressed. But the economy needs you to contribute! You have a serious obligation to go out there and compete for business and serve YOUR MARKET. You know... the ones who don’t want to do business with that douchebag Steve who may be as good or even a little bit better at what you do, but isn’t worth the investment. Sound a little brutal? I know. But... YOU KNOW I’M RIGHT. So stop arguing with me and with yourself and listen up. Getting paid properly is the way to feel free and happy AND it’s the way to ensure you have the resources you need to continue to hone your craft and offer your products and services to the marketplace. I don’t want this to go to your head or anything... Why You and Not Some Other Expert? Chapter 3: Part 3 There are a ton of reasons why people will want to pay you and not someone else. I don’t want to spend a long time on this so just think about how you’ve chosen one person over another simply on feeling instead of value. If you show up and do the work, you can find a way to get a piece of the market. That’s my pep talk. If you need one on one advice, you can always some time with me for a little tough love. (Paid of course... I KNOW MY VALUE) Pricing and Packaging. Chapter 4 Remember, I don’t know exactly what you’re doing and what you’re offering or how good you are. If you feel like you’re not good enough to charge some of these prices... lower them. Then... improve your skills. That being said... Here’s a good rule of thumb to follow. If you’re offering one on one consulting time or ... 10% Rule of Thumb. Chapter 4: Part 1 Take the highest price you’re comfortable with charging and then ADD 10% to that price. Let’s talk about the different types of products and services you might offer. This is going to relate to digital products and virtual services. Any physical products could be added in as well... just remember to calculate your profit margins accordingly. Once you start getting sales at your price, incrementally increase your price by 5-10% for every new customer you take on until you stop getting conversions. DON’T BE THE ONE TO TELL YOURSELF NO! Let your customers tell you what they will pay. *note – correct pricing and packaging for value isn’t going to be enough if you don’t know how to pitch your offer. If pitching is hard for you, study the book called “Pitch Anything” and work on that skill. It will serve you well in many areas of life to improve this one skill. Lead With Value. Chapter 4: Part 2 First of all, I’m a big believer in leading with value. I grow businesses in many different ways. One of them is helping entrepreneurs craft solid offers and clear their head trash so they can actually pitch them and make money. I found that is SUCH a common problem that I decided I would give as much help with that as possible, free of charge. Obviously, it would work better one on one... but this is a way I can serve my market and find potential leads. Do the same thing for your market. You’re reading my “lead by example” version of that right now. I want you to get some value from me and KNOW I’m worth investing in before I ever ask you to invest. If I can’t do that, I’ll probably not convince you I’m worth your time anyway and that’s just not a foundation I can build on. So find a way to create something of value for your market that you can give away. Create something that complements OR supplements what you already do. Map a Value Ladder. Chapter 4: Part 3 The next thing you will create to ascend them up your value ladder is a low level offer, sometimes referred to as a trip wire. You can have many different entry points into your marketing “eco system”... it does not have to be simply linear... but for the sake of simplicity and what I like to focus on, “Fastest Path to Cash” let’s consider a linear value ladder starting with free, to low cost and upwards. Your low cost product should be something that can solve ONE specific problem for them. It should be easily digestible within one to two hours and should allow them the ability to implement within a day. The price here is between $6-$20. There’s so many ways you can validate that is worth more than dinner for two. It may take you a while to think about why... but think it out.... Write up those bullet points and look at it. When you look at that and say “That’s a no brainer”... You’ve got a winner. Don’t Overthink It. Chapter 4: Part 4 Remember to make it easily and quickly digestible and actionable! The problem you will want to solve is not so much how to give value, not if you know your stuff. It’s going to be more about demonstrating the value in a product they haven’t seen yet well enough to get them to part with their money. So focus on this part! Pretend it’s your best friend and you want them to understand why they HAVE to have this. You would tell them: • Benefit! • Benefit! • Benefit! • Benefit! • Benefit! What are the benefits of your product? Get CLEAR on that and making the pitch will be a lot easier, as will choosing the price. Your Core Offer. Chapter 4: Part 5 The next offer is going to be your core offer. This is the one that should bring you the majority of your income. All of your marketing and products will be leading up to THIS product or service that allows you to give max benefit to max audience size. My preference is that this is scaleable, so it’s a digital product or training that modulated and self-paced (online membership course etc) with possible weekly trainings, live videos, q and a etc inside of a group. This lets you leverage your time while being able to serve more people at a solid price point. Upsells. Chapter 4: Part 6 Upsells are not created to be just one more possible way to squeeze money out of a prospect. Once you’ve shown them value at each level, they are much more likely to want more from you and be willing to pay higher prices if you continue to offer them what they want. Upsells are going to solve a problem that not everyone in your market need solved, but the ones who do need it solved understand the value of it. I’ll use one of my own value ladders as an example: It has to be purposeful and make sense for your market. Keep this in mind... people that pay the least expect the most. It’s harder to sell people on free and $5 than it is to sell the RIGHT person on $200 or more. The person who’s focused on VALUE rather than dollars (no, they are not the same) is going to be willing to spend more. TripWire Offer – Projects in a Box Pre-mapped out project templates for multiple business scenarios to help the “organizationally challenged” get organized fast. $17 per template Core Offer – My Freedom Systems - $97 Four modules in a membership site teaching people Time management, Upsell 1 – Group Coaching $199/month or $999 for 6 months (one month free) I offer 15 minute one on one calls twice a month and a weekly q and a call that’s recorded for all members of the group. Free Optin/Lead Magnet – 10 Ways to $10k Upsell 2 – Business Consultation Call $299 90-120 Minute call with me to create a clear plan for what’s next in the business to increase cash and freedom. RARE UPSELL – I offer this to less than 1% of my audience Retainer client agreement. Price varies. They get weekly calls with me and I speak to them and their team to keep projects on schedule and optimize profits and time. I’ll spend 1-5 hours a week with clients from $2500-$10,000 a month. It’s not for everyone. The ones who want it are the ones who make enough that my optimization skills validate the investment. Applying this to your offer. Think hard and DON’T undervalue yourself. Okay... Here’s the worksheet to help you with some numbers and seeing HOW fast things can add up to $10k a month for you. Did I just hear you say “Finally!!!!”??? I better not have! I had to warm you up to know what to plug in there, Speedy Gonzales. Without context, the numbers don’t mean anything. If you got to this point and skipped the rest above... Slap yourself on the wrist! Then go back up and read it. The strategy is to segment what you offer into a value ladder that you can ascend your customers up through. Use benefit bullet points to help you figure out what a price is for these offers. Think about how much time and stress your product or service will save them. Use reference points like minimum wage hours worked vs. expert hours. If you gave them, effectively, an hour worth of your time, is that not worth twice minimum wage? Is it worth dinner for two? Is it worth ... Well... What is it worth? Example Scenarios. Chapter 5 Scenario One: Lowballed. Chapter 5: Part 1 Lowballed. When you’re too afraid to charge much... do you see how many sales you have to make in order to hit $10,000 a month? Ask yourself... is it harder to charge more and get fewer people to say yes or to charge less and get more people to say yes? Product Price Monthly Sales Monthly Revenue TripWire $5 750 $3,750 Core Offer $20 150 $3,000 Upsell 1 $67 50 $3,350 Total Revenue $10,100 Scenario Two: Bump the Core Offer. Chapter 5: Part 2 Bump the Core Offer. Here, doubled the TripWire cost, but it’s still only $10. We bumped the Core Offer price $7 and left the upsell the same. Here’s the thing. With this offer, you need 315 LESS “yes’s” to get to $10k a month. When you think about what’s harder... getting a yes or a yes at a few buck higher... usually it’s just the “yes” that’s scariest. I told you... MATH IS YOUR FRIEND! Product Price Monthly Sales Monthly Revenue TripWire $10 500 $5,000 Core Offer $27 100 $2,700 Upsell 1 $67 35 $2,345 Total Revenue $10,045 Scenario Three: Bump in Price + Conversion. Chapter 5: Part 3 Bump in Price + Conversion. Again... just a few tweaks to the price and now we need even less sales to hit that number. Something to think about is the percentage of conversions that take the offer. The higher you can increase your conversion rate from TripWire to Core Offer to Upsell, the more sales you get, the higher value each of your new customer becomes. As that happens, you can afford to invest more to acquire each new lead. Product Price Monthly Sales Monthly Revenue TripWire $12 475 $5,700 Core Offer $37 75 $2,775 Upsell 1 $67 25 $1,675 Total Revenue $10,150 Scenario Four: Vip Pricing. Chapter 5: Part 4 Vip Pricing. This is a powerful example of what happens when you have higher ticket offers available. With only TWO sales, you just added nearly $2k to your monthly revenue total. See how fast that can add up? Only two sales out of your 450 customers. Improve your conversion rate and that generates a lot more money very quickly. EXCITING, ISN’T IT? Bet you wanna call up your old math teacher and thank them! Product Price Monthly Sales Monthly Revenue TripWire $12 450 $5,400 Core Offer $37 45 $1,665 Upsell 1 $97 10 $970 Upsell 2 $997 2 $1,994 Total Revenue $10,029 Scenario Five: Double the Upsell Price. Chapter 5: Part 5 Double the Upsell Price. Here we upped the Core offer $20 and doubled the upsell price. Remember, these are mock scenarios just to give you an visual idea of what happens when just a few numbers change. Product Price Monthly Sales Monthly Revenue TripWire $12 300 $3,600 Core Offer $37 40 $2,680 Upsell 1 $197 15 $2,955 Upsell 2 $997 1 $997 Total Revenue $10,232 Scenario Six: Tripped Up. Chapter 5: Part 6 Tripped Up. Upped that TripWire and BOOM. More $$. Product Price Monthly Sales Monthly Revenue TripWire $20 275 $5,500 Core Offer $67 40 $2,680 Upsell 1 $197 5 $985 Upsell 2 $997 1 $997 Total Revenue $10,162 Scenario Seven: Lower Upsell Price. Chapter 5: Part 7 Lower Upsell Price. Some different price points. Lower Upsell prices need a few more front end sales, but not much. Product Price Monthly Sales Monthly Revenue TripWire $20 300 $6,000 Core Offer $67 40 $2,680 Upsell 1 $147 8 $1,176 Upsell 2 $497 1 $497 Total Revenue $10,353 Scenario Eight: Lower Core Offer Price. Chapter 5: Part 8 Lower Core Offer Price. Lowered the Core Offer price... still making $10k. Product Price Monthly Sales Monthly Revenue TripWire $20 300 $6,000 Core Offer $47 45 $2,115 Upsell 1 $147 10 $1,470 Upsell 2 $497 1 $497 Total Revenue $10,082 Scenario Nine: More Please. Chapter 5: Part 9 More Please. Want to earn more than $10k a month? Getting those $20 sales on automation isn’t that hard with a good content or ad strategy. Even with a ten percent conversion rate on upsells, the profits look pretty nice. Product Price Monthly Sales Monthly Revenue TripWire $20 500 $10,000 Core Offer $47 50 $2,350 Upsell 1 $147 10 $1,470 Upsell 2 $497 1 $497 Total Revenue $14,317 Scenario Ten: High Roller. Chapter 5: Part 10 High Roller. A few years back, Digital Marketer did a study that found that they could charge THREE Times the price if they divided that price into three payments and it converted almost as well, only a 2% difference. Instead of charging $97, they charged three payments of $97 and only lost two percent of sales. Payment Plans are DEFINITELY something you want to consider adding to your model. Product Price Monthly Sales Monthly Revenue TripWire $20 500 $10,000 Core Offer $47 50 $2,350 Upsell 1 - 3 PAY $297 10 $2,970 Upsell 2 $997 1 $997 Total Revenue $16,317 Something else you want to consider is making sure that your tripwire cost balances out your ad budget. Work on your conversion rate and prices so that you break even on any ad costs with trip wire sales. In other words... If it costs you $2 for a new lead and your tripwire is $20, you need to convert every tenth lead into a customer to break even. Or... lower your lead cost. Or... raise your tripwire cost... but that could hurt you if you go above $20 depending on your market. If you’ve served them well with your free offer, you may be able to get more. Bottom Line. Chapter 6 Math is your friend! Interested in getting one on one help? Click Here to Book a Two Hour call with me to get some rocket fuel for your business. Because, after all, there are way more than just 10 Ways to $10k. Play around with your numbers to find out how to make YOUR personal targets happen. I’ve included a link to a SUPER SIMPLE calculator that you can download to try different number scenarios. Grab it here. Just adjust the price column and the number of sales column, don’t touch the totals, as that’s a formula that will automatically change as you change the price and total number of sales. That’s it! Changing the way you think about numbers is a POWERFUL way to change the kinds of numbers you have in your bank account each month. ---- end post -

**Source:** blog_posts__txt.json  
**Relevance Score:** 5.5

---

## Quote 12

> Okay, so let me do that and put that in my notes. Okay, I think that was it for right now in terms of like you What was already in my brain now? have to kind of just process what I was talking about are while while I'm waiting for my brain to catch up and think about the next thing. Um, was there anything new that's come up that you want to discuss? Oh, actually. I do want to tell you what something that Lorenz did which I was impressed with. It's not a major thing and it should have happened anyway, but it did and that's the point is that Lorenz was doing through multiple iterations working with file reviews as a team. And he's basically got the two like sub pods Jessica and Mike and then John and Barry. And they were all meaning together going over file reviews, but the team had complained that they're basically wasting time while one pod goes over there. did that about month ago and I will find out more this week how he tracked this and how he can quantify, qualify what he said but what he said was he can notice an improvement in their trajectory having gone over the five hour views together that it's making an improvement but it's only a month long and I don't know how he's tracking and measuring it but just the fact that he's gotten to that point was I think it was good that he's working on first of all noticing what the team needs and just trying to get everybody on the same page trying to improve performance and trying to lead them yeah so I didn't want to say that let's see everyone does I was looking at my star stuff yeah anyway okay so that was it now Is there anything that we haven't brought up that you want to tell us about or ask about?

**Source:** done_transcript_for_basis_integration_sweet_law_2__txt.json  
**Relevance Score:** 5.0

---

## Quote 13

> So I don't want to get into technology. Okay. So, yeah, that's a technical language as to how it works, but you know what I mean? think is really what we call it differently. order bump, cell one, there we go, which I always think is not about just dropping the price. Hey, if you didn't like it, that price, here's another one, because that sounds out of integrity. But if you didn't like that, here's a smaller version of it at a lower price. Anyway, so in 30 days, all of that should be mapped out and live. Now, they might balk and think that that's not fast enough. But there's a lot that goes into getting that done correctly. And he's going to have to create more ourselves. So we want to make sure that that happens. 30 to 60 days, then, from day 30 to day 60, is we're observing and potentially, by the way, at the end of 30 days, also having a split test mapped out for headlines or call to action or price, but not all of the above for each of the things that we have going on. So one split test. for every landing page mapped out an on deck for live by the end of 30 days. That's a total agency because everything you're telling me now if I had you five years ago we'd be 50 million a year. I did actually and incredibly fast. It's Arthur Tubman and yeah and and then he ruined it by overselling and pissed me off and I quit and then he got a divorce and yeah and he was also a drug addict. Got it. Recovering. Yeah I do know what I'm doing actually. Yeah I'm scaling agencies but but I also know they're the biggest reason I have most of the guardrails I have is because this is a very difficult model and the clients that you take are make or break because most of them are high pressure and if you get these people who have these arbitrary goals and they're They throw a ton of money at an agency and the agency says yes when they shouldn't have because the client was out of integrity Trying to 10x and it just destroys everybody along the way And yeah, okay, so can we scroll back down when you're when you're ready? Okay, so matter of fact, I have phases mapped out I don't even remember what they are, but I know what I would make and I have all these phases for growing the agency But day 30 to 60 is just monitoring optimization and it's more split testing Split testing the abs again headlines call to action and images Sometimes price point kind of just depends on what's happening but Um The thing about split tests, which I know you know is that you have to have a certain amount of conversions before you can declare a winner, so that requires the amount of volume to be happening. And so people will be like, well, okay, did it win or did it not win? You can't force the declaration of a winning split test until you have volume period, because you want to be confident that you know, and it takes roughly 100 conversions to have some certainty. And that depends on how big the gap is anyway, on the split test. Today 30 to day 60 is optimizing and seeing how it's doing. And it's also getting some customer feedback. And it's filling the holes. So something probably got missed, maybe on an automation level, maybe a pixels not firing, maybe the data is not reporting correctly. But it's fixing anything that got broken during the first phase of 30 days, while we were building something always goes wrong, it needs to be fixed and handled and that takes time.

**Source:** transcript_for_maria___tina___14__txt.json  
**Relevance Score:** 5.0

---

## Quote 14

> oh yeah I'll show you yeah I can give you access to the course to it that's the thing about being the type of people that we are that kind of necessarily are jacks of all trades like we get into some stuff but you can't do all the things really well all the time but when you're meeting the business you have to do a lot of different things like so for example split testing heat maps using split testing software like improved or what was the other one huh yeah visual Yes, so those are things that I used to do and set up and then ended up with, so I was doing them in coffee shop millionaire, well, what year is it, 13 years ago? Or before, a little bit before that, and then the, so that was Anthony Trister, and then Manish Punjabi, which nobody really knows. known kind of behind the scenes like you. And then so Manish and I were working on split testing stuff and he ended up partnering with Justin Christensen and they created conversion fanatics and I was working with them in the beginning. So that was like stuff I did a ton. On the same time I met Mercer was speaking at a little tiny mastermind event by this guy named Jared Elvitch who's also very like hush-hush but was like a mentor to Ryan Lee. The what do you call it? I don't know almost like incestuous bar. Oh yeah early days. Yeah but this so like when I ask you numbers and data and stuff like that I we only spend an hour together week that's the one thing that I kind of miss in being in the businesses more is having more time to really like look at data, set up the systems that capture the data. You don't really, you don't have an optimizer. And especially now, I think, I almost think that that's a role that everybody everybody should have it. But after, you know, at least one million, but probably more in the two four million kind of optimizing. Obviously, you can get there better. But I'm also thinking about the logistics of how many things there are to manage in a business and how much skill a person has when they're first getting to that, you know, even just breaking that six figure mark. There's a whole level of understanding difference between finally getting to that threshold and finally getting to the seven bigger threshold in terms of comprehension of the not nuances, but the facets of business and online business. And then just getting into the next level of it. So to the point of like, you wanting to increase your market share one percent and having determined how much that is being at the, you know, between three and four million spending time doing this, if this was the main thing you accomplish this whole year, is having a system like a really solid optimization system for all of these aspects, right? So there's the landing page, the checkout page, which sometimes is the same depending on what you built it with. Um, if there's an order bump, but then even the thank you page and the download page, which you've been diving into are people even getting their downloads, that type of thing. There is so much, you can't optimize what you don't know to, right?

**Source:** done_transcript_for_d_d_co___profit_drivers___weekly_review_7__txt.json  
**Relevance Score:** 5.0

---

## Quote 15

> I just, okay, there is no way you're not going to get better at this. So here's what I want you to remember, even if it's only a 10% improvement, I want it to be higher. But even if it was a 10% improvement, that would be significant. I'm almost positive that you can at least cut the pain in the level down by 50%. If you train it well. and get the fish in the mouth. So again, this is one of those things where we do what I call front loading. So you do a lot of work in the beginning, setting the system up, and then you let the system do the work for you perpetually infinite, what that would just, infinitesim, that's correct. Um, that, so really take the time to understand how, and you can ask me questions, I do think that you have the ability to not meet me and that a YouTuber will probably be a better use for you to show you how to do the things that you want to do, but you totally ask me questions. Um, figuring out, so first how to train it on the process, give all the information about Frank and his interactions very specifically based off of here's what I did, here's what he said, here's what I did, here's what he said, that kind of stuff.

**Source:** done_transcript_for_fuji_tina_coaching_6__txt.json  
**Relevance Score:** 5.0

---

